General Idea

	A web browser shows two pieces of artwork, pitting them against
	each other. The player picks whichever artwork they prefer.
	The scores of both pieces is adjusted accordingly, and the
	next two pieces are shown.

UI
	Battle Screen
		Display both pieces of artwork
		Show artist names, titles, current rank(?), current rating(?)
		Also show which artshow panel to visit to see it live.
		After the player makes their selection:
		Show the rating point differences and new ranks before
		going to the next pair of artwork pieces.

	Score Board
		Show the top 10 artworks by ranking, including title,
		panel number, ranking points, artist and a thumbnail.

Matchmaking and Ranking
	We will use Elo ranking. Every piece starts with a fixed amount
	of points (say, 800)

	We pick two pieces of artwork for every duel.

	For the first one, we prefer a piece that has done fewer duels
	than others.

	For the second one, we create a candidate list of the (say)
	50 pieces with the closest ranking to the first one, sort the
	list by number of duels fought, and pick one of those, again
	giving a slight preference to the ones with the fewest battles
	fought.

	Why so complicated? Isn't it better to just pick two random
	pieces?  Well, it would be simpler to build, but we would
	often pit artworks of vastly different popularity against each
	other, which means we would rarely make the choice difficult
	for the player. Also, the final ranking would be more luck-dependent,
	because your image would basically win if it happened to be
	pitted against more "lower popularity" artwork than another similarily
	good piece has been.

Architecture
	We build a web service (no web server required, it's built-in)
	that will:
		- deliver the static web site, CSS and JavaScript
		- act as a REST API
		- provide events and control via websocket
		- poll the external buttons for user selection inputs

	The websocket event stream will have different message types:

		1. New Duel Started
			pic1, pic2, artists, names, ranks, ranking points
			max duration of duel in seconds
		2. Winner chosen
			winner, point gain for winner, points lost for
			loser, new ranks
		3. Duel Timeout
			it's no longer possible to choose a winner
		4. Show artwork rankings
			top 10 artwork list, with points
			Note: "top artists ranking" is not possible,
			the artists with the most pieces in the database
			would win.
		5. Show splash screen
			Rules
			Number of duels played
			Number of art pieces in the catalog
			[event comes after 60 seconds of idle time and
			is show for 20 seconds or so, alternating with
			another duel]

